## Data README

This data folder contains three sub-folders: data-sets, data-outputs and regression-data.

* The data-sets folder contains three sub-folders: `cleaned-data-set`, `original-data-set`, and `train-test-data-set`. 

	* `cleaned-data-set` contains four csv files: 

  		* `categorized-data.csv` is the clean data divided into 8 clusters generated by `categorize-script.R`.
       
  		* `clean-data.csv` is the clean data generated by `data-cleaning.R`.
       
  		* `overall-test-set.csv` is the test set of clean data generated by `train-test-split.R`.
       
 		* `overall-train-set.csv` is the train set of clean data generated by `train-test-split.R`.
   
  * `original-data-set` contains two csv files:

  		* `major-cities.csv` contains the data for the major cities. 
       
  		* `state.csv` divides the states into 4 regions.
   
  * `train-test-data-set` contains 3 csv files:
      
  		* `overall-test-set.csv` the test set of the whole data set.

  		* `overall-train-set.csv` the train set of the whole data set.

  		* `overall-data-set-regression.csv` adds log of all the quantitative variables to categorize-data for regression model. 

* `regression-data` contains 13 RData files. The 13 RData files include 8 RData files for ols model of each of the 8 clusters. The other 5 RData files include the ols model, ridge model, lasso model, pcr model and plsr model for the whole data set. 

* `data-outputs` contains a sub-folder `eda-outputs`, `anova.RData`, `col-NULL-num.txt` and `mean-difference-anova.txt`.
      
  * The eda-outputs folder contains 6 text files: `eda-output-anova.txt`, `eda-output-correlation.txt`, `eda-output-qualitaive.txt`, `eda-output-quantitative.txt`, `eda-output-cluster.txt`, and `interesting-factors.txt`. All of the six text files are generated by `eda-script.R`.

  		* `eda-output-qualitative.txt` contains the summary statistics for all the qualitative variables.

 		* `eda-output-quantitative.txt` contains the summary statistics for all the quantitative variables.
	
  		* `eda-output-correlation.txt` contains matrix of correlations among all quantitative variables.

 		* `eda-output-anova.txt` contains summary of anova between balance and all the qualitative variables.

  		* `eda-output-cluster.txt` contains the summary of all the variables for each cluster.

  		* `interesting-factors.txt` contains the universities with more than 100000 students applied.

  * `col-NULL-num.txt` contains the number of NULL values for each variable.

  * `mean-difference-anova.txt` contains the summary of statistics of anova test for the mean of number of students applied for each cluster.

  * `anova.RData` contains the statistics of anova test for each cluster.


 
